January 13 Agenda
=================

More and more setup!
--------------------

1. Pull from upstream. In Git Extensions, open up your COMP310 repository. Click pull (the down arrow button), select upstream, and click Pull. Say yes to any random questions Git Extensions may ask.
2. Open the terminal. In Git Extensions, to the right of the up arrow (push), there's an icon for Git Bash. Click there. Bam! Terminal.
3. Generate your Eclipse project files.

        cd workspace/Examples
        gradle eclipse # If this doesn't do anything, you'll need to fix your path.
        # Wanna fix your path temporarily? Do this:
        export PATH=$PATH:/c/Chocolatey/lib/gradle.1.8.0/tools/gradle-1.8/bin
        pwd # To get an idea of where your workspace is

4. Fire up Eclipse and switch to the COMP310 workspace. Go to `File -> Switch Workspace -> Other...`
    The workspace will be in a subfolder of COMP310, wherever that happens to be.
5. Import the example code into your eclipse workspace. Once Eclipse restarts, go to `File -> Import...` Select `General -> Existing Projects into Workspace`. Click Next. Click Browse and click OK. You will see Examples in the list of projects. Click Finish. If that doesn't work, cancel and switch back to your usual workspace. Just try to import the project into your existing workspace. Or, try restarting Eclipse and try again.
6. At this point you may see some stupid build issue. That's Eclipse being stupid. Go back to the Terminal (Git Bash) and type this in again:

        gradle eclipse

    Then, refresh your project by clicking on Examples in the Package Explorer in Eclipse and press F5.

7. To fix Encoding problems, right click on Examples -> Properties. On the left side, click Resource. Under text file encoding, select "Other: UTF-8". Click OK.