January 10 Agenda
=================

More setup!
-----------

Gradle needs to be on your path (but Chocolately idiotically did not do that for us).

1. Windows users: add this to your path. Select everything below and copy to the clipboard.

        ;C:\Chocolatey\lib\gradle.1.8.0\tools\gradle-1.8\bin

2. Go to Computer -> System Settings -> Advanced System Settings -> Environment variables...
3. Under System variables, look for *Path* and click Edit...
4. *Push the right arrow key to go to the end* and press Ctrl V to paste the above in (Don't clobber your path). Click OK. OK. OK.
5. Oh snap! I accidentally overwrote my path! Go back to Environment variables... (see step 2 & 3). Throw this in (it's the default path in Windows):

        %SystemRoot%\system32;%SystemRoot%;%SystemRoot%\System32\Wbem;%SYSTEMROOT%\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\

Overview of Abstract Data types and Data Structures
---------------------------------------------------

What is a data structure?

A data structure is a container for data that is organized in a way that can be efficiently read or used.

What's the difference between interface and implementation?

An Abstract Data Type is an interface. Examples:

* List: an ordered collection of items
* Map (Dictionary): associates arbitrary keys with values
* Stack: a first in, first out container
* Queue: a first in, last out container
* Tree: nodes and leaves
* Graph: nodes and edges
* Set: an unordered collection of unique items
* Bag: an unordered collection of items

Implementations of interfaces can vary. 
For example, a tree can implement a sorted list abstract data type.
Another example: two resizeable arrays could implement a map abstract data type naively.

Big O notation
--------------

How can we know whether an implementation is any good?

If it's fast, of course!

The exact runtime of an algorithm is unpredictable because hardware and operating systems vary.

Big O notation is a way to characterize the runtime of any operation, expressed in terms of the size of (number of items in) the data structure.

So, to find an item in a list requires looking through the entire list. This is expressed as O(n).

If we know the list is sorted in order, we can take advantage of this by doing a binary search (split the search space in half recursively). The runtime happens to be O(log n).
